So that's it for the module, what did we learn?
We had a look at the box model,
a core concept of CSS, every element is treated as a box, no matter if it's an inline or a block level
element, it's treated as a box.
The difference just is for inline elements, margin top and bottom don't have an effect,
they are applied but you don't see it
but besides that, everything is a box
and understanding that you can set content, padding, border and a margin is crucial.
You also learn about the width and height, that you can use pixels or percentage units, more units will
also be covered in this course and that you can also change what the width and height refer to by
changing the box sizing attribute, the default is content box and with that setting, you only style
the content of the box
but you can set it to border box to actually target content, padding and border with your width
and height assignments.
We then also had a look at the display property, somewhat connected to the box model
but then again not really. With it though, you can change the behavior of block level elements or inline
elements,
you can set a block level element to behave like an inline one or the other way around or use the
combination with inline block.
We used it to position elements next to each other and also don't forget, you can use display none to remove
an element from the document flow, not from the DOM,
it's still included there as you saw in the developer tools,
it's only removed from the document flow and from the page you see.
And finally, we also covered pseudo classes and elements, another core feature. With pseudo classes, you
can style different states of elements or target different types of elements like the first list
item in a list of list items
and with pseudo elements, you can actually target content or parts of elements, like the first letter
or some additional content which you define that should be added after an element and which you then
also can style.
This is what we covered and definitely practice these things, go back to this module
if you later encounter something which is not clear or which you feel like you want to go through again
but with that, let's move on.